Update openAPI learn page (#1272)
ballerina-platform/ballerina-dev-website: learn/using-the-openapi-tools.md

  - /learn/using-the-openapi-tools
---

# Ballerina OpenAPI Tools

> OpenAPI Specification is a specification that creates a RESTFUL contract for APIs, detailing all of its resources 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The OpenAPI Specification is a specification, which creates a RESTFUL contract for APIs detailing all of its resources 
```

> and operations in a human and machine-readable format for easy development, discovery, and integration. Ballerina

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and operations in a human and machine readable format for easy development, discovery, and integration. Ballerina
```

>  OpenAPI tooling will make it easy for users to start development of a service documented in the OpenAPI contract in

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 OpenAPI tooling will make it easy for users to start development of a service documented in the OpenAPI contract
```

>  Ballerina by generating Ballerina service and client skeletons. The OpenAPI tools provide the following capabilities.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
by generating the Ballerina service and client skeletons. The OpenAPI tools provide the following capabilities.
```

>  1. Generate the Ballerina Service or Client code for a given OpenAPI definition. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 1. Generate the Ballerina service or client code for a given OpenAPI definition. 
```

 2. Export the OpenAPI definition of a Ballerina service.

>  3. Validate service implementation for a given OpenAPI Contract.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 3. Validate the service implementation of a given OpenAPI Contract.
```

> The `openapi` command in Ballerina is used for OpenAPI to Ballerina and Ballerina to OpenAPI code generation. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `openapi` command in Ballerina is used for OpenAPI to Ballerina and Ballerina to OpenAPI code generations. 
```

Code generation from OpenAPI to Ballerina can produce `ballerina service stubs` and `ballerina client stubs`.

> OpenAPI compiler plugin will allow you to validate a service implementation against a OpenAPI contract during compile time. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The OpenAPI compiler plugin will allow you to validate a service implementation against an OpenAPI contract during compile time. 
```

> This plugin ensures the implementation of a service does not deviate from OpenAPI contract.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This plugin ensures that the implementation of a service does not deviate from its OpenAPI contract.
```

- [OpenAPI to Ballerina](#openAPI-to-ballerina)
    - [Generate Service and Client Stub from OpenAPI Contract](#generate-service-and-client-stub-from-openapi-contract)
        - [Modes](#modes)
- [Ballerina to OpenAPI](#ballerina-to-openAPI)    
    - [Service to OpenAPI Export](#service-to-openapi-export)
- [Samples](#samples)
    - [Generate Service and Client Stub from OpenAPI](#generate-service-and-client-stub-from-openAPI)
    - [Generate OpenAPI contract from Service](#generate-openAPI-contract-from-service)
- [OpenAPI Validator Compiler Plugin](#openAPI-validator-compiler-plugin)
     

### OpenAPI to Ballerina
#### Generate Service and Client stub from OpenAPI Contract

```bash
ballerina openapi   -i <openapi-contract> 
               [--service-name: generated files name]
               [--tags: tags list]
               [--operations: operationsID list]
               [--mode service|client ]
               [(-o|--output): output file path]
```

> Generates both the Ballerina service and Ballerina client stub for a given OpenAPI file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Generates both the Ballerina service and Ballerina client stub for a given OpenAPI file.
```

> This `-i <openapi-contract>` parameter of the command is mandatory. As an input, it will take the path to the OpenAPI contract file ie `my-api.yaml` or `my-api.json`. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This `-i <openapi-contract>` parameter of the command is mandatory. As an input, it will take the path to the OpenAPI contract file (i.e., `my-api.yaml` or `my-api.json`). 
```

> `--service-name`  This is an optional parameter which allows you to change the generated service name.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `--service-name` is an optional parameter, which allows you to change the generated service name.
```

You can give the specific tags and operations that you need to document as services without documenting all the operations using these optional `--tags` and `--operations` commands.

> `(-o|--output)` is an optional parameter. You can give the output path for the generated files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`(-o|--output)` is an optional parameter. You can use this to give the output path for the generated files.
```

If not, it will take the execution path as the output path.

##### Modes

> If you only want to generate a service you can set the mode as `service` in the openapi tool

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to generate a Service only, you can set the mode as `service` in the OpenAPI tool.
```

```bash
ballerina openapi   -i <openapi-contract> --mode service
                               [(-o|--output) output file path]
```

> If you only want to generate a client you can set the mode as  `client` in the openapi tool. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to generate a Client only, you can set the mode as `client` in the OpenAPI tool. 
```

This client can be used in client applications to call the service defined in the OpenAPI file.

```bash
ballerina openapi   -i <openapi-contract> --mode client
                               [(-o|--output) output file path]
```

### Ballerina to OpenAPI
#### Service to OpenAPI Export
```bash
ballerina openapi   -i <ballerina file> 
                    [(-o|--output) output openapi file path]
```

> Export the Ballerina service to an  OpenApi Specification 3.0 definition. For the export to work properly, 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Export the Ballerina service to an OpenAPI Specification 3.0 definition. For the export to work properly, 
```

> the input Ballerina service should be defined using basic service and resource-level HTTP annotations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the input Ballerina service should be defined using the basic service and resource-level HTTP annotations.
```

If you need to document an OpenAPI contract for only one given service, then use this command.
```bash
    ballerina openapi -i <ballerina file> (-s | --service) <service name>
```

### Samples for OpenAPI Commands
#### Generate Service and Client Stub from OpenAPI
```bash
    ballerina openapi -i hello.yaml
```

> This will generate a Ballerina service and Client stub for `hello.yaml` OpenAPI contract 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This will generate a Ballerina service and client stub for the `hello.yaml` OpenAPI contract 
```

> named `hello-service` and client named `hello-client`. The above command can be run anywhere on the execution path. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
named `hello-service` and client named `hello-client`. The above command can be run from anywhere on the execution path. 
```

It is not mandatory  to run it from inside the Ballerina project.

Output:
```bash
The service generation process is complete. The following files were created.
-- hello-service.bal
-- hello-client.bal
-- schema.bal
```
#### Generate OpenAPI contract from Service

 ```bash
    ballerina openapi -i src/helloworld/helloService.bal
  ```
This will generate the OpenAPI contracts for the Ballerina services, which are in the `hello.bal` Ballerina file.
 ```bash 
    ballerina openapi -i src/helloworld/helloService.bal (-s | --service) helloworld
  ```
This command will generate the `helloworld-openapi.yaml` file that is related to the `helloworld` service inside the
 `helloService.bal` file.

## OpenAPI Validator Compiler Plugin

> The OpenAPI Validator Compiler plugin validates a service with a given OpenAPI contract. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The OpenAPI Validator Compiler plugin validates a service against a given OpenAPI contract. 
```

> The compiler plugin is activated if a service has the `openapi:ServiceInfo` annotation. This plugin compares 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Compiler Plugin is activated if a service has the `openapi:ServiceInfo` annotation. This plugin compares 
```

> the service and the OpenAPI Contract and validates both against a predefined set of validation rules. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the service and the OpenAPI Contract and validates both against a pre-defined set of validation rules. 
```

If any of the rules fail, the plugin will give the result as one or more compilation errors.

### Annotation for validator Plugin 
The `@openapi:ServiceInfo` annotation is used to bind the service with an OpenAPI Contract. You need to add 
this annotation to the service file with the required values for enabling the validations.  

> The following is an example of annotation usage.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following is an example of the annotation usage.
```

This is a required attribute.

- **Tag** (Optional) : **string[]?**     :
The compiler will only validate resources against operations, which are tagged with a tag specified in the list.
If not specified, the compiler will validate resources against all the operations defined in the OpenAPI contract. 

- **Operations** (Optional): **string[]?**  :
Should contain a list of operation names that need to be validated against the resources in the service.
If not specified, the compiler will validate resources against all the operations defined in the OpenAPI contract. If both tags and operations are defined, it will validate against the union set of the resources.

- **ExcludeTags** (Optional) : **string[]?**    :
This feature is for users to store the tag. It does not need to be validated.
At the same time, the `excludeTag` and `Tag` cannot store and the plugin will generate warning messages regarding
 it.

- **ExcludeOperations** (Optional) : **string[]?**  :
This feature is for users to store the operations that do not need to be validated.
At the same time, the `excludeOperations` and  `Operations` can not store and they will generate warning messages.

> Tag feature can store with `excludeOperations`, that time all the tag operations validate except the exclude operations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `Tag` feature can store with `excludeOperations`. Then, all the tag operations will be validated except the `exclude` operations.
```

 
- **FailOnErrors** (Optional) : **boolean value**   :

> If you need to turn off the validation, add this in to the annotation with the value as `false`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you need to turn off the validation, add this to the annotation with the value as `false`.
```

If not it will take the execution path as the output path.

####Mock service from OpenAPI
```
ballerina openapi   -i <openapi-contract> --mode service
                    [(-o|--output) outputFile]
```
Generates a Ballerina service for the OpenAPI file. This generated service is a mock version of the actual Ballerina service.

####Client stub from OpenAPI
```
ballerina openapi   -i <openapi-contract> --mode client
                    [(-o|--output) outputFile]
```
Generates a Ballerina client stub for the service defined in a OpenAPI file. This client can be used in client 
applications to call the service defined in the OpenAPI file.

###Ballerina to OpenAPI
####Service to OpenAPI export
```
ballerina openapi   -i <ballerina file> 
                    [(-o|--output) output openapi File]
```
Export the Ballerina service to an  OpenApi Specification 3.0 definition. For the export to work properly, 
the input Ballerina service should be defined using basic service and resource level HTTP annotations.
If a user needs to document an OpenAPI contract for only one given service, then the user can use this command.

> ``ballerina openapi -i <ballerina file> (-s | --service) <service name>``

Reviewer: For Ballerina files, we need to use ```ballerina and for other commands, ```bash.

Please check all the other occurrences as well.

> ###Client stub for service

Reviewer: ```suggestion
###Client Stub for Service
```

Generates a Ballerina client stub to communicate with a Ballerina service.
All endpoint(s) that are used for client stub generation should be marked with the 

> `@openapi:ClientEndpoint` annotation. If not, there might be errors during client stub generation. Endpoints that are not marked with 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`@openapi:ClientEndpoint` annotation. If not, there might be errors during the client stub generation. Endpoints that are not marked with 
```

this annotation are not picked for client stub generation. The `@openapi:ClientConfig { generate: true }` 
annotation is used to enable or disable client stub generation per service.

> ##Samples for openAPI commands

Reviewer: ```suggestion
##Samples for OpenAPI Commands
```

> ###Mock service and client stub from OpenAPI

Reviewer: ```suggestion
###Mock Service and Client Stub from OpenAPI
```

`ballerina openapi -i hello.yaml`

> This will generate a Ballerina service and Client stub, for `hello.yaml` OpenAPI contract, 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This will generate a Ballerina service and Client stub for the `hello.yaml` OpenAPI contract
```

named `hello-service` and client named `hello-client`. The above command can be run anywhere on the execution path. 

> It is not mandatory  to run inside the ballerina project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is not mandatory  to run it from inside the Ballerina project.
```

Output:
```

> The service generation process is complete. Following files were created.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The service generation process is complete. The following files were created.
```

-- hello-service.bal
-- hello-client.bal
-- schema.bal
```

> ###OpenAPI from service

Reviewer: ```suggestion
###OpenAPI from Service
```

- `ballerina openapi -i src/helloworld/helloService.bal`

> This will generate the OpenAPI contracts for the Ballerina services which are in `hello.bal` Ballerina file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This will generate the OpenAPI contracts for the Ballerina services, which are in the `hello.bal` Ballerina file.
```

- `ballerina openapi -i src/helloworld/helloService.bal (-s | --service) helloworld`

> This command will generate the `helloworld-openapi.yaml` file that related to helloworld service inside the helloService.bal file

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This command will generate the `helloworld-openapi.yaml` file that is related to the `helloworld` service inside the `helloService.bal` file.
```

> ###Client stub from service

Reviewer: ```suggestion
###Client Stub from Service
```

> Apply annotation to say that client generation is enabled by adding `@openapi:ClientConfig { generate: true }` and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Apply an annotation to say that client generation is enabled by adding `@openapi:ClientConfig { generate: true }` and
```

>  point the client endpoint to be applied on  generation by adding `@openapi:ClientEndpoint` annotation to the client

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 point the client endpoint to be applied on the generation by adding the `@openapi:ClientEndpoint` annotation to the client
```

    - [Service to OpenAPI Export](#service-to-openapi-export)
- [Client Stub for Service](#client-stub-for-service)    
- [Samples](#samples)
    - [Mock Service from OpenAPI Sample](#mock-service-from-openapi-sample)
    - [Client Stub from OpenAPI Sample](#client-stub-from-openapi-sample)
    - [OpenAPI from Service Sample](#openapi-from-service-sample)
    - [Client Stub from Service Sample](#client-stub-from-service-sample)
- [OpenAPI Validator Compiler Plugin](#openAPI-validator-compiler-plugin)
     

###OpenAPI to Ballerina
####Mock service and Client stub from OpenAPI
```
ballerina openapi   -i <openapi-contract> 
               [--service-name: generated files name]
               [--tags: tags list]
               [--operations: operationsID list]
               [(-o|--output): outputFile]
```
Generates both Ballerina service and Ballerina client stub for a given OpenAPI file. 

This parameter `-i <openapi-contract>` of the command is mandatory. As an input it will take the path to the resource file. 

`--service-name`  This is an optional parameter. If you are interested in naming generated files by given name, 
you can use this parameter with command. 

> You can give the specific tags and operations that you need to document as services without documenting the 
> whole operation using these optional commands `--tags` and `--operations`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can give the specific tags and operations that you need to document as services without documenting all the operations using these optional commands `--tags` and `--operations`.
```

> `(-o|--output)` is the optional parameter. You can give the specific direction path to generate the files. 
> If not it will take the execution path as the target path.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`(-o|--output)` is an optional parameter. You can give the output path for the generated files. 
If not it will take the execution path as the output path.
```

####Mock service from OpenAPI
```
ballerina openapi   -i <openapi-contract> --mode service
                    [(-o|--output) outputFile]
```
Generates a Ballerina service for the OpenAPI file. This generated service is a mock version of the actual Ballerina service.

####Client stub from OpenAPI
```
ballerina openapi   -i <openapi-contract> --mode client
                    [(-o|--output) outputFile]
```
Generates a Ballerina client stub for the service defined in a OpenAPI file. This client can be used in client 
applications to call the service defined in the OpenAPI file.

###Ballerina to OpenAPI
####Service to OpenAPI export
```
ballerina openapi   -i <ballerina file> 
                    [(-o|--output) output openapi File]
```

> Export the Ballerina service to a definition of OpenApi Specification 3.0. For the export to work properly, 
> the input Ballerina service should be defined using basic service and resource level HTTP annotations.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Export the Ballerina service to an  OpenApi Specification 3.0 definition. For the export to work properly, 
the input Ballerina service should be defined using basic service and resource level HTTP annotations.
```

For build time client stub generation, annotation support is provided.

- [OpenAPI to Ballerina](#openAPI-to-ballerina)
    - [Mock Service from OpenAPI](#mock-service-from-openapi)
    - [Client Stub from OpenAPI](#client-stub-from-openapi)
- [Ballerina to OpenAPI](#ballerina-to-openAPI)    
    - [Service to OpenAPI Export](#service-to-openapi-export)
- [Client Stub for Service](#client-stub-for-service)    
- [Samples](#samples)
    - [Mock Service from OpenAPI Sample](#mock-service-from-openapi-sample)
    - [Client Stub from OpenAPI Sample](#client-stub-from-openapi-sample)
    - [OpenAPI from Service Sample](#openapi-from-service-sample)
    - [Client Stub from Service Sample](#client-stub-from-service-sample)
- [OpenAPI Validator Compiler Plugin](#openAPI-validator-compiler-plugin)
     

###OpenAPI to Ballerina
####Mock Service and Client Stub from OpenAPI

> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```bash
```

ballerina openapi   -i <openapi-contract> 
               [--service-name: generated files name]
               [--tags: tags list]
               [--operations: operationsID list]
               [(-o|--output): outputFile]
```
Generates both the Ballerina service and Ballerina client stub for a given OpenAPI file. 

This `-i <openapi-contract>` parameter of the command is mandatory. As an input, it will take the path to the resource file. 

`--service-name`  This is an optional parameter. If you are interested in naming generated files by the given name, 
you can use this parameter in the command. 

You can give the specific tags and operations that you need to document as services without documenting all the operations using these optional `--tags` and `--operations` commands.

`(-o|--output)` is an optional parameter. You can give the output path for the generated files. 
If not, it will take the execution path as the output path.

####Mock Service from OpenAPI

> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```bash
```

ballerina openapi   -i <openapi-contract> --mode service
                    [(-o|--output) outputFile]
```
Generates a Ballerina service for the OpenAPI file. This generated service is a mock version of the actual Ballerina service.

####Client stub from OpenAPI

> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```bash
```

ballerina openapi   -i <openapi-contract> --mode client
                    [(-o|--output) outputFile]
```
Generates a Ballerina client stub for the service defined in an OpenAPI file. This client can be used in client 
applications to call the service defined in the OpenAPI file.

###Ballerina to OpenAPI
####Service to OpenAPI Export

> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```bash
```

ballerina openapi   -i <ballerina file> 
                    [(-o|--output) output openapi File]
```
Export the Ballerina service to an  OpenApi Specification 3.0 definition. For the export to work properly, 
the input Ballerina service should be defined using basic service and resource-level HTTP annotations.
If you need to document an OpenAPI contract for only one given service, then use this command.

> ```ballerina openapi -i <ballerina file> (-s | --service) <service name>```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```bash
ballerina openapi -i <ballerina file> (-s | --service) <service name>```
```

###Client Stub for Service
Generates a Ballerina client stub to communicate with a Ballerina service.
All endpoint(s) that are used for client stub generation should be marked with the 
`@openapi:ClientEndpoint` annotation. If not, there might be errors during the client stub generation. Endpoints that
 are not marked with 
this annotation are not picked for client stub generation. The `@openapi:ClientConfig { generate: true }` 
annotation is used to enable or disable client stub generation per service.

##Samples for OpenAPI Commands
###Mock Service and Client Stub from OpenAPI

> ```ballerina openapi -i hello.yaml```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```bash
ballerina openapi -i hello.yaml```
```

This will generate a Ballerina service and Client stub for `hello.yaml` OpenAPI contract 
named `hello-service` and client named `hello-client`. The above command can be run anywhere on the execution path. 
It is not mandatory  to run it from inside the Ballerina project.

Output:
```
The service generation process is complete. The following files were created.
-- hello-service.bal
-- hello-client.bal
-- schema.bal
```
###OpenAPI from Service

> - ```ballerina openapi -i src/helloworld/helloService.bal```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```bash
ballerina openapi -i src/helloworld/helloService.bal```
```

This will generate the OpenAPI contracts for the Ballerina services, which are in the `hello.bal` Ballerina file.

> - ```ballerina openapi -i src/helloworld/helloService.bal (-s | --service) helloworld```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```bash
ballerina openapi -i src/helloworld/helloService.bal (-s | --service) helloworld
```
```

For build time client stub generation, annotation support is provided.

- [OpenAPI to Ballerina](#openAPI-to-ballerina)
    - [Mock Service from OpenAPI](#mock-service-from-openapi)
    - [Client Stub from OpenAPI](#client-stub-from-openapi)
- [Ballerina to OpenAPI](#ballerina-to-openAPI)    
    - [Service to OpenAPI Export](#service-to-openapi-export)
- [Client Stub for Service](#client-stub-for-service)    
- [Samples](#samples)
    - [Mock Service from OpenAPI Sample](#mock-service-from-openapi-sample)
    - [Client Stub from OpenAPI Sample](#client-stub-from-openapi-sample)
    - [OpenAPI from Service Sample](#openapi-from-service-sample)
    - [Client Stub from Service Sample](#client-stub-from-service-sample)
- [OpenAPI Validator Compiler Plugin](#openAPI-validator-compiler-plugin)
     

###OpenAPI to Ballerina

> ####Mock Service and Client Stub from OpenAPI

Reviewer 3: -Mock - Generate

    }
}
```

##OpenAPI Validator Compiler Plugin

> OpenAPI Validator Compiler plugin was implemented which validates a service with a given OpenAPI contract. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The OpenAPI Validator Compiler plugin validates a service with a given OpenAPI contract. 
```

> The compiler plugin is activated if a service has `openapi:ServiceInfo` annotation. This plugin compares 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The compiler plugin is activated if a service has the `openapi:ServiceInfo` annotation. This plugin compares 
```

the service and the OpenAPI Contract and validates both against a predefined set of validation rules. 

> If any of the rules fail the plugin will result in one or more compilation errors.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If any of the rules fail, the plugin will give the result as one or more compilation errors.
```

> ###Annotation for validator plugin 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
###Annotation for the Validator Plugin 
```

> We will use “@openapi:ServiceInfo” annotation to bind the service with an OpenAPI Contract. Users need to add 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The “@openapi:ServiceInfo” annotation is used to bind the service with an OpenAPI Contract. You need to add 
```

this annotation to the service file with the required values for enabling the validations.  

> Following is an example of annotation usage.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following is an example of the annotation usage.
```

```
@openapi:ServiceInfo{
    contract: “/path/to/openapi.json|yaml”,
    [ tag : “store” ],
    [ operations: [“op1”, “op2”] ] 
    [ failOnErrors]: true/false → default : true
    [ excludeTags ]: [“pets”, “user”]
    [ excludeOperations: [“op1”, “op2”] ]
   }
service greet on new http:Listener(9090) {
    ...
}
```
 **Annotation support the following attributes:**
- **Contract** (Required) : **string**  :

> Here you can provide a path to the OpenAPI contract as a string and OpenAPI file can either be .yaml or .json

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here, you can provide a path to the OpenAPI contract as a string and the OpenAPI file can either be `.yaml` or `.json`.
```

This is a required attribute.

- **Tag** (Optional) : **string[]?**     :

> The compiler will only validate resources against operations which are tagged with a tag specified in the list.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The compiler will only validate resources against operations, which are tagged with a tag specified in the list.
```

If not specified, the compiler will validate resources against all the operations defined in the OpenAPI contract. 

- **Operations** (Optional): **string[]?**  :
Should contain a list of operation names that need to be validated against the resources in the service.
If not specified, the compiler will validate resources against all the operations defined in the OpenAPI contract. 

> If tags and operations both are defined it will validate against the union set of resources.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If both tags and operations are defined, it will validate against the union set of the resources.
```

- **ExcludeTags** (Optional) : **string[]?**    :

> This feature for users to store the tag does not need to be validated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This feature is for users to store the tag. It does not need to be validated.
```

> At the same time excludeTag and Tag cannot store, It will generate warning messages regarding it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
At the same tim, the `excludeTag` and `Tag` cannot store and the plugin will generate warning messages regarding it.
```

- **ExcludeOperations** (Optional) : **string[]?**  :

> This feature for users to store the operations that do not need to be validated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This feature is for users to store the operations that do not need to be validated.
```

> At the same time excludeOperations and  Operations can not store, it will generate warning messages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
At the same time, the `excludeOperations` and  `Operations` can not store and they will generate warning messages.
```

> Tag feature can store with excludeOperations , that time all the tag operations validate except the exclude operations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Tag feature can store with `excludeOperations`, that time all the tag operations validate except the exclude operations.
```

The meaning is not clear.

 
- **FailOnErrors** (Optional) : **boolean value**   :

> If the user needs to turn off the validation user can put this in to annotation with the value as false.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you need to turn off the validation, add this in to the annotation with the value as `false`.
```

The compiler plugin is activated if a service has `openapi:ServiceInfo` annotation. This plugin compares 
the service and the OpenAPI Contract and validates both against a predefined set of validation rules. 
If any of the rules fail the plugin will result in one or more compilation errors.

###Annotation for validator plugin 
We will use “@openapi:ServiceInfo” annotation to bind the service with an OpenAPI Contract. Users need to add 
this annotation to the service file with the required values for enabling the validations.  
Following is an example of annotation usage.
```
@openapi:ServiceInfo{
    contract: “/path/to/openapi.json|yaml”,
    [ tag : “store” ],
    [ operations: [“op1”, “op2”] ] 
    [ failOnErrors]: true/false → default : true
    [ excludeTags ]: [“pets”, “user”]
    [ excludeOperations: [“op1”, “op2”] ]
   }
service greet on new http:Listener(9090) {
    ...
}
```
 **Annotation support the following attributes:**
- **Contract** (Required) : **string**  :
Here you can provide a path to the OpenAPI contract as a string and OpenAPI file can either be .yaml or .json
This is a required attribute.

> - **Tag**(Optional) : **string[]?**     :

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- **Tag** (Optional) : **string[]?**     :
```
